Your husband did not admit his mistake this time,
Immediately come to your little grape alone,
If you dare to play tricks again this time,
You are a real wife, but you are really gone,
What is it called?
My mother said you didn’t know how to ask, but now you’re eating it until it’s cooked.
What have you been doing for a long time? What can I do for you?
Feel the power and value of our composite materials,
We have nothing now, these are the things we left behind.
Pay him a fee,
Let me show you first in Chengtong
Kneel down for us first
Why don't you get married?
You still have time to feel sorry for him
If you feel sorry for your own life,
your disease
If you still don't want to bow down, kneel down and put it down